In this video, we'll test everything out locally to make sure that we can
send tweets out to Twitter and take other actions using a Twitter client
that we create from the Twython library.
So let's get started.
First,
let's review the code in sparrow.py. At the very top, we're
importing several different dependencies here. The first is the
random library from the Python standard library.
Then, we'll be using Twython, which we'll install from pip,
the Python package manager, in order to interact with
Twitter and create the Twitter client.
And we're also using the get_secret function from ssm_secrets to go out
and get our secrets from the SSM Parameter Store.
Now,
after we do all those imports, we'll be creating a Twitter client using
Twython. We'll be getting the secrets from the CONSUMER_KEY, CONSUMER_SECRET,
ACCESS_TOKEN_KEY, and ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET parameters that are all already in
the SSM Parameter Store from the previous videos.
Now below this, we'll be able to set up some random tweets that
we'll pick from when we want to send tweets out to Twitter. And
directly below that, we'll have two functions, send_tweet and
the handler function.
The handler function is what we'll configure inside of AWS Lambda to
run every time our Lambda function is invoked.
Now, send_tweet will be a useful helper function for that handler,
which will allow it to send status updates out to Twitter, and we can
just feed it a tweet_text whenever we wanted to do that.
So, in the handler, we'll use the send_tweet function and pick a random
choice from the potential_tweets using that random library and the
potential_tweets list that we just defined earlier.
Now there's a few other options inside of this if you'd like
to change up what the handler is doing,
I've also gone ahead and defined a few other functions,
like a follow_someone function that uses the Twitter client's
create_friendship method to go and follow somebody on Twitter,
and I've defined a follow_fernando function as an example of how you
might use that. So you could use either of these functions, as well
as either of the like_tweet function or the like_a_punny_tweet
function, where like_tweet will allow you to like a specific tweet
on Twitter by its ID,
which is the number that's included in the URL whenever you're looking
at a particular status message on Twitter, and you can also like a
specific treat, like I'm showing you here in like_a_punny_tweet, which
will like one of my worst tweets on Twitter and my worst puns that I
think I've ever made.
So, feel free to use any of these functions as you'd like,
and we can take a look at how they work after we've installed
everything we need to test this all out locally.
So let's get started here.
I'm going to go ahead in my terminal here,
and I'm going to use python3 and a module on python3 using ‑m.
Now,
modules are some bits of code that we can use with Python to do useful things.
This one is called venv, which stands for virtual environment.
It's going to allow us to create a clean installation of Python and pip
and allow us to install dependencies inside of this virtual environment
so that we can work with a clean slate and not have to worry about any
other dependencies you might have on your operating system polluting
everything or risking maybe doing something you don't want to do on your
operating system,
like installing Twython at the global level and just keeping it contained here.
Now I'm going to need to give this virtual environment a name. In this case,
I'm going to call it .venv so we don't forget what it
is, and I'm going to hit Enter.
This will create a new .venv folder that will contain a bunch of stuff in it.
So if I go and open this up,
you'll see that it contains a bin, includes, and lib, and
inside of bin It has things like pip, pip3,
pip3.7, and python and python3.
Now, all of these are going to allow us to use these installations
of pip and Python in order to take actions like opening up the
Python interpreter or installing dependencies from pip instead of
using our globally installed ones.
So how do we actually take advantage of these resources? Well, we can
turn on our virtual environment on a Linux or a Mac system with a
command called source, and then we're going to need to source a file
inside of a virtual environment.
So I'm going to type .venv here, and that'll get us into the virtual
environment folder, and then I'm going to press Tab to autocomplete some
of these things. So I'm going to go into bin here,
and then I want to get to the activate file, so I'm going
to do activate there and hit Enter.
Once I've done that,
the virtual environment has been turned on because I sourced that activate file.
Now, if you're working on a Windows environment,
there's a separate command that you'll need to use, and I've included
the second command that you would need to use in windows_setup.bat.
You're going to use instead after running that python3 ‑m venv .venv
command, call .venv\Scripts\activate.bat.
Now this command will do the exact same thing and will
turn on your virtual environment.
It's just because you're on a Windows system you have
to run a slightly different one.
So, after you run the command,
go ahead and make sure that the .venv appears in parentheses
on the left side of your command prompt.
Once it does, you should be good to go.
Now, in here,
we can install dependencies that we need to make this function run, so
let's do this with Twython first. I could use either pip or pip3 in this
case now that I've turned on my virtual environment. Either one will work
the same because they're both associated with the virtual environment
installation of Python.
So let's use pip3 first and install Twython. Now, I actually
need to install this, so I'm going to do pip3 install twython
and not just type out the name there.
Now,
once this installs Twython, we should have it
available in our virtual environment.
And if we wanted to find it,
we could actually go into venv and see if it's appearing in the lib here.
I'll need to scroll down and actually find it, but
here you see twython right there.
This means that we have this local installation of
Twython inside of our virtual environment,
and it's not appearing up in higher levels of our operating system.
So, this is great because it keeps all our
dependencies contained to this project.
So now let's go back here, I'm going to clear the screen, and let's
also install another dependency we need. Now it's not really clear
why we need this right now when I type in pip install boto3, but if
we look at the ssm_secrets file, you'll see that we are using it inside of here.
Now, boto3 is kind of an interesting dependency for Lambda.
The reason is because we need it locally in order to use
boto3 inside of the ssm_secrets.py file.
However, we don't need to install it into our function package,
which we'll do in a minute, because it's provided for us in the AWS
Lambda runtime, so we don't need to install it as an additional
dependency along with something like Twyton. The same would go for
the AWS SDK for JavaScript or some of the other AWS SKDs that run
inside of Lambda.
They're all provided by AWS in there for us to help us avoid
having to have larger function packages.
So let's close this out, and let's go through the rest
of the process by installing boto3.
And once this is done,
we can start testing out sparrow.py. I'm going to clear this window out here.
And now if I wanted to test what's currently in my environment,
I could do pip freeze to see what's installed already.
From here, I see twython, and if I scroll up a little further,
I also see boto3, so this should be exactly what we need.
Now, with these dependencies installed, in the next video, we can run some code to test out how to work with Twython.